cradle touches the fact that so many readers
events are much more fascinating in its way of telling the writing
compared to what maybe the professionals now interrupt
irish hercules
but in the meantime because I am someone who tells stories
in theology
theologians tell vide
not only that he tells more stories inside that sacred story
I go to rummage some gods
little details of the little news
of the things they can
serve a
approach
have a moment of juxtaposition
like the concrete figures of those I am
movies that are on that page
on the sacred page have not yet become
unachievable
distant are still rimini are still in the present can be
added in that
at that point
luckily the stories are a way to get closer to what to give of you
I'm not in my case it won't happen anyway much success though
for one who
for a believer maybe it can be
curious
know that
interesting to know that giuseppe is called chef for that reason la
pokemon miriam
mariano me name of the sister of moses
special keymon had the fact that by the time through the sea
red
she and the bad women in the head start that song
of freedom
hunting in the desert
red ammar crossed
instead this miriam
this my mother of risk of jesus
instead capable
face in front of the
ad
that act of silence of his that welcome that announcement that a song
Also here
is a calculation begins